List-Method Exercise Edits and List Concept Doc (#2786)
exercism/v3: languages/python/exercises/concept/chaitanas-colossal-coaster/.docs/introduction.md

#=> [1, 2, 3, 9]
```

Another way to add an item to the list is to `.insert()` an item. This method gives you the ability to add the item at particular index in the list.

`.insert()` takes 2 parameters:

1. index of the item _before which_ you want the new item to appear
2. the item to be inserted

> Note: if the given index is 0, the item will be added to front of the list. If the supplied index is greater than or equal to the length of the list, the item will be added in the last postion, and is the equivelent of using `.append()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: if the given index is 0, the item will be added to front of the list. If the supplied index is greater than or equal to the length of the list, the item will be added in the last position, and is the equivalent of using `.append()`.
```

#=> [-2, 0, 1, 2, 3]
```

> If you have an iterable that you would like to _combine_ with your current list (concatenating the two), you can use the `.extend()` method. `.extend()` will unpack the supplied iterable and add its elements in order to your list (_using `.append()` in this curcumstance would add the entire iterable as a **single element**._).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an iterable that you would like to _combine_ with your current list (concatenating the two), you can use the `.extend()` method. `.extend()` will unpack the supplied iterable and add its elements in order to your list (_using `.append()` in this circumstance would add the entire iterable as a **single element**._).
```

#=> [1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]
```

### Removing Items

If you want to delete an element, you can use `.remove()` and pass the item you want removed from the list. `.remove()` will throw a `ValueError` if the item to be removed is not in the list.

```python
>>> ex_list = [1, 2, 3]
>>> ex_list.remove(2)
>>> print(ex_list)
[1, 3]

>>> ex_list.remove(0)
ValueError: list.remove(x): x not in list
```

> Conversly, using the `.pop()` function will both remove **and** `return` an element for use. `.pop()` takes 1 parameter -- the index of the item you need to remove and recieve. If you specify an index number higher than the length of the list, you will get an `IndexError`. If an index is not specified, the last element of the list will be removed and returned to you.

Reviewer 2: Rather/Alternatively (Conversely)

Author: @valentin-p  -- `Alternatively` is a much better word.  Thank you!

> Conversly, using the `.pop()` function will both remove **and** `return` an element for use. `.pop()` takes 1 parameter -- the index of the item you need to remove and recieve. If you specify an index number higher than the length of the list, you will get an `IndexError`. If an index is not specified, the last element of the list will be removed and returned to you.

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, using the `.pop()` function will both remove **and** `return` an element for use. `.pop()` takes 1 parameter -- the index of the item you need to remove and recieve. If you specify an index number higher than the length of the list, you will get an `IndexError`. If an index is not specified, the last element of the list will be removed and returned to you.
```

> Alternatively, using the `.pop()` function will both remove **and** `return` an element for use. `.pop()` takes 1 parameter -- the index of the item you need to remove and recieve. If you specify an index number higher than the length of the list, you will get an `IndexError`. If an index is not specified, the last element of the list will be removed and returned to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, using the `.pop()` function will both remove **and** `return` an element for use. `.pop()` takes 1 parameter -- the index of the item you need to remove and receive. If you specify an index number higher than the length of the list, you will get an `IndexError`. If an index is not specified, the last element of the list will be removed and returned to you.
```

> #=> [2]

Reviewer 2: To avoid confusion:
ex_list.pop()
#=> 3
print(ex_list)
#=> [2]

Author: @valentin-p  -- While this may be more readable, it's not the convention for Python code examples.  We really should be modeling here what the REPL prints out, so that the student has a sense of exactly what they will be seeing.  This holds true for examples in the Python docs themselves:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5923094/100474066-a7984780-3094-11eb-81e5-f6bbc9282b5a.png)

And is also used widely in books and posts about Python.  I am still working on Pythons contributing guide, and also let some inconsistent examples slip through -- but Python code for our docs should conform to the Python docs and to the syntax of [docttest](https://docs.python.org/3/library/doctest.html).

Reviewer 2: See new #2868

#=> []
```

### Reversing and reordering

> Items in the list can be re-ordered in reverse with `.reverse()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Items in the list can be reordered in reverse with `.reverse()`.
```

#=> [3, 2, 1]
```

> You can re-order your list _**in place**_ with the help of the `.sort()` method. Internally, python uses [`Timsort`][timsort] to arrange the list. If the elements are alphanumerical, you don't have to provide any arguments to `.sort()`. Optionally, you can define custom key for sorting criteria. The Python docs offer some [additional tips and techniques for sorting][sorting how to] lists effecively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can re-order your list _**in place**_ with the help of the `.sort()` method. Internally, python uses [`Timsort`][timsort] to arrange the list. If the elements are alphanumerical, you don't have to provide any arguments to `.sort()`. Optionally, you can define a custom key for sorting criteria. The Python docs offer some [additional tips and techniques for sorting][sorting how to] lists effectively.
```

#=> ["Tony", "Thor", "Natasha", "Bruce"]
```

> For cases where changing your original list is undesirable, the built-in [`sorted()`][sorted] can be used to return a new, sorted copy of your original list.

Reviewer: Should we also mention `.reversed()`?

Author: Yes!  Will add it now.  Good catch.

Author: humm..._except_ `reversed()` returns a _reverse iterator_ - not a copy.  Would that be in or out of scope here?  `list.reverse()` mutates the list.

> ### Occurances of an item in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Occurrences of an item in the list.
```

> You can find the number of occurances of an element in the list with the help of `.count()`. It takes the element you need to tally as its argument, and returns the total nunber of times it appears on the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the number of occurrences of an element in the list with the help of `.count()`. It takes the element you need to tally as its argument, and returns the total number of times it appears on the list.
```

```python
ex_list = [1, 4, 7, 8, 2, 9, 2, 1, 1, 0, 4, 3]
ex_list.count(1)
#=> 3
```

### Finding the index of items.

> `.index()` will provide you the index number of the first occurance of the item you pass in. If you do not have any occurances of the item, a `ValueError` is raised. If you do not need the exact position of an item and are only checking that it is present on the list, the built-in `in` operator is more efficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.index()` will provide you the index number of the first occurrence of the item you pass in. If you do not have any occurrences of the item, a `ValueError` is raised. If you do not need the exact position of an item and are only checking that it is present on the list, the built-in `in` operator is more efficient.
```

#=>ValueError: 10 is not in list
```

> You can provide start and end indexes to search within a specific section of the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide start and end indices to search within a specific section of the list.
```

```python
ex_list = [1, 4, 7, 8, 2, 9, 2, 1, 1, 0, 4, 3]
ex_list.index(4, 2, 12)
#=> 10
```

### Making Copies

> Remeber that _names_ in python are just lables that reference an underlying object. This creats a few surprises when working with lists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that _names_ in python are just labels that reference an underlying object. This creates a few surprises when working with lists.
```

```python
>>> ex_list = ["Tony", "Natasha", "Thor", "Bruce"]

> #assiging a second name *does not copy* the references in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#assigning a second name *does not copy* the references in the list.
```

new_list = ex_list

#using either name will mutate the *common* list
new_list.append("Clarke")
print(new_list)
#=> ["Tony", "Natasha", "Thor", "Bruce", "Clarke"]

print(ex_list)
#=> ["Tony", "Natasha", "Thor", "Bruce", "Clarke"]
```

This referencing issue becomes exacerbated with operating on nested/multiplied lists.

```python
from pprint import pprint

#this will produce a game grid that is 8x8, pre-populated wtih zeros
>>> game_grid = [[0]*8] *8

>>> pprint(game_grid)
[[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],
 [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],
 [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],
 [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],
 [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],
 [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],
 [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],
 [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]]

#lets put an x in the bottom righ corner
>>> game_grid[7][7] = "X"

#that doesn't work, because all of the rows are referencing the same underlying list
>>> pprint(game_grid)
[[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 'X'],
 [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 'X'],
 [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 'X'],
 [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 'X'],
 [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 'X'],
 [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 'X'],
 [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 'X'],
 [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 'X']]

```

> To create a second copy of a list, you need to _slice_ or explicity use the `.copy()` method, which will make a second set of refrences that can then be changed without the danger of unintential mutation of elements. However, if your list contains _variables_ or nested data structures, those second-level refrences will **not be copied** (_To copy an entire tree of containers, references, and opbjects, you need to use `.deep_copy()` or a `list comprehension`-- more on that later._). For a detailed explaination of list behavior, see this excellent [making a game board][making a game board] article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a second copy of a list, you need to _slice_ or explicitly use the `.copy()` method, which will make a second set of references that can then be changed without the danger of unintentional mutation of elements. However, if your list contains _variables_ or nested data structures, those second-level references will **not be copied** (_To copy an entire tree of containers, references, and objects, you need to use `.deep_copy()` or a `list comprehension`-- more on that later._). For a detailed explanation of list behavior, see this excellent [making a game board][making a game board] article.
```
